[Music]
much information has been released about
the incident in Las Vegas there is some
very good information that is not making
itself clear in the mainstream media so
let's take a look you came here for the
truth beginning with this article right
here every single time 100% of the time
that one of these acts occurs this is
the reason behind them we are looking at
this individual back in June being
prescribed an anti-anxiety drug
specifically these can lead to
aggressive behavior that is fact he was
prescribed 50 of these ten milligram
tablets they are part of the family of
Valium and he purchased them from
Walgreens and basically it goes through
the description of how these could lead
to an aggressive behavior especially
when mixed with alcohol this causes a
very big problem now I've studied this
before I've covered it here on the
channel before 100% of the time there's
an act like this one of these type of
psychotropic medications are behind it
or at least play a role 100% of the time
let's move on very quickly obviously
YouTube is not gonna like this video and
we're not allowed to say certain words
and of course it's gonna be the amount
size any we're not allowed to talk about
that as well witness says woman told Las
Vegas crowd that they're all going to di
e forty five minutes before the shooting
very strange they obviously need to find
this individual what was happening here
you're all going to di E tonight push
their way through the crowd saying that
may be unrelated maybe not who knows who
that was anyway so they'll try and
figure that one out
Mabini and the receipt now there's a
receipt that was released about the
individual and the room service
[Music]
apparently because it says guests to on
here that they narrow this down to the
fact that there were two people eating
these meals based on what he ordered
here mean it is a lot of food but it
doesn't necessarily lead me to believe
that there's two people there at the
time could have been saving it for later
could have been hungry who knows doesn't
really prove anything we're drawing
inferences at this point it's
interesting to say at least
investigators looking for mystery woman
seen with this individual I don't know
about this in particular other than the
fact that they were seen together in the
days prior they want to know who it is
they're looking into it okay next so let
me switch gears now you saw what
happened in Canada this issue here and I
thought it was very interesting that the
guy was kicked out of the US and then he
comes to Canada and he's given a free
pass aren't there any you know with all
of the you know things that the NSA are
doing with all of the you know
information that's being taken and all
of the constant CCTV cameras the
microphones I mean the cameras watching
me right now as I talk and close that
and they can't figure this out well of
course there's more of a nefarious
situation going on but anyway he
basically gets booted out and then he
disappears and in that disappearance
made his way into Canada they gave him
free pass on the way in thank you very
much and then this is what happens
three special forces inside of Niger had
themselves ambushed and the only reason
why I mentioned this is because we saw
what Obama was doing going into North
Africa and I think that they started
very slightly they started to go into
some other countries as well in Africa
they want the expansion there as well I
think that this is very dangerous and
I'm hoping that doesn't escalate any
further okay that's all I want to
mention I figured I'll put all of these
all in one video because you know what's
gonna happen to this video so that's all
if you found that informative please
give me a thumbs up if you're interested
in more information then you definitely
want to stay subscribe to this channel
there are 68 thousand people and
Counting that are subscribed to this
channel so please be one of them join me
up here hit that subscribe button and
you will get videos every single day
with good hard-hitting Intel take care